[fields] Fire `onChange` when filling a partial date (#8082)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/fields/fields.md

The field components have an internal state to update the visible value.

It will only call the `onChange` callback when:

> - all the sections of the modified date are now filled

Reviewer: Maybe avoid tying the "time domain" in the description? 🤔 
```suggestion
- all the sections of the modified date are filled
```

> - all the sections of the modified date are filled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The first section of the input is filled
- all the sections of the modified date are filled
```

> - all the sections of the modified date are now empty (will return `null` for the modified date)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all the sections of the modified date are empty (will return `null` for the modified date)
```

> - all the sections of the modified date were filled, and the user cleaned the content of one section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all the sections of the modified date were filled, and the user cleaned the content of one section (will return `Invalid date` for modified date)
```
And maybe also add a point of firing the same when starting to enter date in an empty field? 🤔

> - all the sections of the modified date were filled, and the user cleaned the content of one section (will return `Invalid date` for modified date)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- user cleans the content of one section in a previously valid value (will return `Invalid date` for modified date)
```

Author: I avoid using the term `valid` because it is used a lot in the validation, with a different meaning

I tried to reword the whole bullet point list :+1:

> #### On simple fields

Reviewer 2: I think we don't need a specific section for "simple fields"; after the condition list, we can jump to the example, and it's introduction directly.

```suggestion
```

> On a single item field (`DateField` / `DateTimeField` / `TimeField`),

Reviewer 3: 'item' is confusing. I first though you were talking about a field with only year for example

Author: I'm trying to avoid the term "date" or "value" since they describe something else.
Do you have another idea ?

Reviewer 3: For MIT components?

Author: I don't understand what you mean.

Reviewer 3: I was thinking MIT vs Pro, but not a great idea.

Maybe "On a simple field" which avoids the notion of number associated with "single"

Author: Could work indeed :+1: 
I changed on my PR

> On simple fields (`DateField` / `DateTimeField` / `TimeField`),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> `onChange` will be called if the date matches one of the condition above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> In the example below, `onChange` will be called once when filling the first section and once when filling the last one:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example below, `onChange` will be called when any of the conditions are triggered.
```

{{"demo": "LifeCycleDateFieldEmpty.js", "defaultCodeOpen": false}}

#### On range fields [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan)

On range fields (`SingleInputDateRangeField` / `MultiInputDateRangeField` / ... ),

> `onChange` will be called if the date you are modifying is matching one of the condition above,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`onChange` will be called if any of the dates you are modifying matches one of the conditions above,
```

Author: That's not true
If you fill your start date, you have one of the date that matches one of the condition above.
And yet, when editing the end date, you won't have an `onChange` call when filling the 2nd section.

The rule is applied on the modified date, whatever value the other date might have.

Reviewer 2: Got it!

even if the other date does not.

> In the demo below, changing the value of a start date section will call `onChange` even if the end date is empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the demo below, changing the value of the start date will call `onChange` even if the end date is empty.
```

> But when editing the end date, `onChange` will only be called when filling the first section and the last one:

Reviewer 3: Are you sure? If I modify a section of the second date, I immediately receive the `Invalid Date`

https://deploy-preview-8082--material-ui-x.netlify.app/x/react-date-pickers/fields/#advanced

Author: Indeed, I did not fix that wording, good catch !

Author: For me the sentence is correct
When you edit the end date, you have one `onChange` on the 1st edited section (with `Invalid Date`) and one `onChange` on the last edited section (with a valid date)

Reviewer 3: Ok, I understood "first" and "last" according to their position, not "first one to be filled", and "last one to be filled" So it was making no sense 🙈

Maybe the sentence is not needed. It's nice to say that the `onChange` is called even if the end date is empty, but the second part is not related to the range fields. it's the same behavior as simple fields.
